c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\obj\Debug\Shift_Register.Resources.resources
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\obj\Debug\Shift_Register.Resources.tinyresources
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\bin\Debug\le\FEZ Panda II Application.exe
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\bin\Debug\be\FEZ Panda II Application.exe
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\bin\Debug\le\FEZ Panda II Application.pdb
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\bin\Debug\be\FEZ Panda II Application.pdb
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\bin\Debug\FEZ Panda II Application.exe
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\bin\Debug\FEZ Panda II Application.pdb
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\bin\Debug\le\FEZ Panda II Application.pe
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\bin\Debug\le\FEZ Panda II Application.pdbx
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\bin\Debug\be\FEZ Panda II Application.pe
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\bin\Debug\be\FEZ Panda II Application.pdbx
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\obj\Debug\be\FEZ Panda II Application.pe
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\obj\Debug\be\FEZ Panda II Application.pdbx
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\obj\Debug\le\FEZ Panda II Application.pe
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\obj\Debug\le\FEZ Panda II Application.pdbx
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\obj\Debug\FEZ Panda II Application.exe
c:\users\dmantle\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Shift Register\Shift Register\obj\Debug\FEZ Panda II Application.pdb
